dir ./Sprites:

Running_no_pizza_sprites: Manuel Bueno Lasso
Running_pizza_sprites: Manuel Bueno Lasso
Changing_pizza_sprites: Manuel Bueno Lasso
Changing_no_pizza_sprites: Manuel Bueno Lasso
Jumping_pizza_sprites: Manuel Bueno Lasso
Jumping_no_pizza_sprites: Manuel Bueno Lasso
Landing_pizza_sprites: Manuel Bueno Lasso
Landing_no_pizza_sprites: Manuel Bueno Lasso
Spinning_sprites: Manuel Bueno Lasso
Running_holding_sprites: Manuel Bueno Lasso

dir ./Concepts

escenario_1: David González Rueda
escenario_2: David González Rueda
escenario_3: David González Rueda
escenario_4: David González Rueda
ingredientes_1: David González Rueda
ingredientes_2: David González Rueda
ingredientes_3: David González Rueda
ingredientes_4: David González Rueda
ingredientes_5: David González Rueda
ingredientes_6: David González Rueda
ingredientes_7: David González Rueda
ingredientes_8: David González Rueda
